Add PyMongo docs to landing page (#965)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/python-drivers.txt

Welcome to the documentation site for the official MongoDB Python
drivers. Add one of the following drivers to your application to work with
MongoDB in Python.

PyMongo
-------

> You can add the driver to your application to work with MongoDB in Python. See

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
You can add PyMongo to your application to work with MongoDB in Python. See
```
